# OS_project1
Q20. There are 3 student processes and 1 teacher process. Students are supposed to do their assignments and they need 3 things for that pen, paper and question paper. The teacher has an infinite supply of all the three things. One students has pen,an other has paper and another has question paper. The teacher places two things on a shared table and the student having the third complementary thing makes the assignment and tells the teacher on completion. The teacher then places another two things out of the three and again the student having the third thing makes the assignment and tells the teacher on completion. This cycle continues. WAP to synchronize the teacher and the students. Solution :- Here we can discuss the two types of person one is student process and another is teacher process, we can explain this as in the form of concept of Operating System as, Suppose the two types of persons are able to enter into the library are one is student and second one is teacher. And the one who had entered into library searches the book he wants. After finding the book he will go the place where the counter presents and a single CPU process will present for issuing the books. As you know that queue is an FIFO so may be at the counter there may be arranged two types of queues in which one may belong to student and another belongs to teacher. In that both queue the persons of student and teacher are stand at the position of tail of the line. And the person whoever comes first will serve first for example, if teacher comes first and serviced and then student next……….and so on. Which means giving Priority having Non- Preemptive case. In this way a FIFO process is continued in an manner. For suppose if teacher first being served then student will may be next and after that another student may be next in this way they being served. And This type of process will may continue and may be there is chances of increase in waiting time.Here the programme in which I have written the waiting time for students and that time have been minimized. 
